So ancient schools or the Yungma schools, as taught by the great master K.T. Padma Samye Ling
Rinpoche and his host of the Yungma Tsewang Rinpoche. And also my hidden teacher, father,
my Chimi, my dear old students, so I had to follow those footsteps according to my best
capabilities and then we move forward. To that context, according to the leaning, always
tell us where this, kind of how, this year that the teaching is, come from. And this teaching
is of course, it's a Buddha's teaching. Buddha Shakyamuni, who came to Thoden, six hundred
years ago, when Buddha gave the teachings, those known as the 84,000 teachings, 84,000
teachings that Buddha gave, those old teachings are said in the Dzoketantana. And 21,000, or
to dispel the 21,000 emotions of the attachment, Buddha gave 21,000 of the Vinaya teachings.
And order to dispel the emotions of the anger, 21,000 emotions of the anger, Buddha gave
21,000 of the teachings of the suttas. Order to dispel the emotions of the ignorance, Buddha
gave 21,000 of the teachings of the abhidhammas. And Buddha ordered to dispel all the emotions
of the attachment, anger, in ignorance, Buddha gave 21,000 of, of very young teachings. So
those all makes 84,000 teachings of the Buddha. 84,000 teachings are summarized at all the
nyungmach schools, which are very Buddhism. These are known as the nine yana teachings,
nine yana teachings. These nine yana teachings are known as three outward teachings, nine
yanas and three inner yanas and three separate yanas. So those are nine yanas. And order
to give the teachings of the inner, outwardly, three outward teachings, Buddha, if we ask,
bodhisattva kamuni. Bodhisattva kamuni with fully orange moon with single handle in the way, just
moon with major and manual marks, those golden colors. With that form, bodhi give three outward
wiggles, yana teachings. Those are known as then the harvok kyana and the partic bodhayana and bod
hisattva
yanas. So three outer yana teachings Buddha gives. And Buddha appeared in the form of the
vidya dharas of great bodhisattvas, such as vedya pani, magi shiri and avalok krishwara and that
form. Buddha gave three inner tantra teachings, inner wiggles, those are known as kryayana,
opayana and yoga yanas. And Buddha appeared from the buddhasamad vada, vedya dharas,
vedya sattvas. And Buddha gave three inner, three seveda teachings or yanas, those are known as
maha yoga, ano yoga and ati yoga teachings. So those are all known as nayana teachings.
These nayana teachings again is that every teaching, generally there's no really difference
between any of those teachings. Everything is designed and teaching to discover our
inner buddha nature and our inner nature according to the readiness of the practitioners, their
readiness to discover our buddha nature. And that means also one same time just spilling the
hindrance, that blocking of the realization of the buddha, of the buddha nature. And those are
negative emotions as mentioned earlier and you all know. And those are the negative emotions
are known as negative emotions and very subtle emotions. Negative emotions are the gross level
as I named and you know ignorance, attachment, anger and combination, all those are the gross
intimate levels. Deep down emotions what are, deep down root of those emotions is grasping,
clinging. Clinging and grasping is the fundamental of the truth to come out of this,
these all negative emotions. And according to the readiness of then Buddha gave those teachings.
In the teaching Buddha never actually of course never forced according to their readiness,
it's a very gentle, peaceful approach to discover their inner inner nature. Therefore practicing
dharma is joy, practicing dharma is happy, peaceful, it's delight, it is beautiful goal. Discover
our inner inner nature. We're not making any kind of clutching to each other or in different areas
with joy, with appreciation, with love, with kindness, with compassion, exploring the beauty
of ours and help to the others according to their capabilities or our capabilities we have
to support with that context with respect, appreciation, harmony, peace and non-violence.
So therefore all we practice at the time. Day one we started practicing teaching of the Buddha
all the time to be discovered in the nature of the enlightenment. It is a journey of joy,
journey of peace, journey of the happiness and peace. That's what it is.
And with this understanding so therefore